Adding onboarding docs and configuring live preview (#5333)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: projects/hipdnn/docs/reference/environment-variables.rst

.. meta::
  :description: Learn about the environment variables used by hipDNN for logging, plugins, tests, and more.
  :keywords: hipDNN, ROCm, environment, API, variables

.. _variables:

****************************
hipDNN environment variables
****************************

Learn about the environment variables used by hipDNN for logging, plugins, tests, and more.

Logging configuration
=====================

hipDNN provides two environment variables to control logging behavior:

- ``HIPDNN_LOG_LEVEL``
- ``HIPDNN_LOG_FILE``

``HIPDNN_LOG_LEVEL``
--------------------

> Sets the minimum severity that will be emitted. Levels are inclusive: choosing a level enables messages at that level and all higher severities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the minimum severity for which logs will be emitted. Levels are inclusive; choosing a level enables messages at that level and all higher severities.
```

- ``off``: Disables all logging (default)
- ``info``: General informational messages
- ``warn``: Potential issues that do not interrupt execution
- ``error``: Recoverable errors that may affect results or performance
- ``fatal``: Unrecoverable errors; the operation will not continue

Here's an example:

.. code:: bash

  export HIPDNN_LOG_LEVEL=info

``HIPDNN_LOG_FILE``
-------------------

> Specifies the file path where logs will be appended. If not set, logs are written to ``stderr``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the file path where logs will be appended. If this variable is not set, logs are written to ``stderr``.
```

Here's an example:

.. code:: bash

  export HIPDNN_LOG_FILE=/path/to/hipdnn.log

.. tip::

  When using the MIOpen legacy plugin, you can use MIOpen-specific environment variables to control the underlying library's logging behavior.

Plugin loading
==============

> The following environment variable can be used to control which folders hipDNN looks in to load plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following environment variable can be used to control which folders hipDNN will scan for plugins to load.
```
